Add clarifications for the Bitbucket Server oAuth1 configuration (#2609)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_setting-up-an-application-link-on-the-bitbucket-server.adoc

Reviewer: I have a suggestion for line 20:
Current state:
```
. On a command line, run the commands to create the necessary files for the next steps and for use when applying the application link Secret:
```

My suggestion:
```
. On a command line, run the commands to create the Base64-encoded files for the next steps and for use when applying the application link Secret:
```

Author: done

. Paste the content of the `bitbucket-consumer-key` file as the *Consumer key*.

> . Encode the content of the `bitbucket-consumer-key` file to Base64 for use when applying the Bitbucket Server OAuth Secret:

Reviewer: We call it `application link Secret for the Bitbucket Server` in the next procedure:
```suggestion
. Encode the content of the `bitbucket-consumer-key` file to Base64 for use when applying the application link Secret for the Bitbucket Server:
```

+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
$ echo -n '__<bitbucket-consumer-key file content>__' | base64
----

> 

Reviewer: I suggest moving this new step as the first step to modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_applying-an-application-link-secret-for-the-bitbucket-server.adoc.

Author: We use this approach in all other cases, e.g. https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/configuring-oauth-2-for-a-bitbucket-server/#setting-up-an-oauth-2-application-link-on-the-bitbucket-server

Reviewer: Yes, and there we have these as the last steps.
However, this procedure currently consists of 18 steps, which is very long, so the ideal solution is to move these two new steps to the other file where they are needed. However, if you want to keep these two steps in this file, then my second-best suggestion is to move these two new steps to be the last steps of the current procedure.

Author: Makes sense, I moved the steps to the secret creation page.

Reviewer: Thank you for pointing this out. Ideally, a writer can relocate the same steps in the other procedures later. I will talk to my manager so that we can assign that work.

. Paste the content of the `bitbucket-shared-secret` file as the *Shared secret*.

> . Encode the content of the `bitbucket-shared-secret` file to Base64 for use when applying the Bitbucket Server OAuth Secret:

Reviewer: We call it `application link Secret for the Bitbucket Server` in the next procedure:
```suggestion
. Encode the content of the `bitbucket-shared-secret` file to Base64 for use when applying the application link Secret for the Bitbucket Server:
```

+
[subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
$ echo -n '__<bitbucket-shared-secret file content>__' | base64
----

> 

Reviewer: I suggest moving this new step as the second step to modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_applying-an-application-link-secret-for-the-bitbucket-server.adoc.
